dear friends glad all of you again
greets in the arena of sports
complex olympic
ohh today is the penultimate day
Kremlin Cup as you see we are now
we are in an open space where else
Yesterday we stood for today
only the strongest of them are few and
so this part of the cabin use
guard disassembled
yesterday gave us
really a lot of surprises in
particular
ooo defeat unconditional
favorites tournament Vladislav changed
years and Yaroslav Tarnovetsky to the word
Tarnovetsky lost Glebov puppies
which in the spring gave way to the mayor's cup
moscow finals
on the other hand the joy endless
all fans and fans of Russian
billiard very confidently
performance at the Kremlin Cup continues
Eugene steel
having beaten a on the fourth day and
Saltovsky steel continued victorious
procession purchase kremlin
male and two games he beat vijay
Dranga Arabia became the first
the semifinalist of the male part of the tournament
in the match for reaching the final draft
stopped laying observed
uncompromising struggle for the results
whom the king himself admitted behind the scenes
which is serious excitement avoiding him not
succeeded
I play well
was called a half not reported
did not depart from became for 8 hours
with 16 5 percent as shows
in some matches we have him very well
sixteen
but hard very nice cloth
as assures
Does Lesina always
how to control it
almost impossible
dying out at any moment
the rules dive you will not do
Batyrs all that he passes in Moscow
Moscow if Moscow
popularization from here and
not as wanted
moreover what she found
sport counts
we will try to make another
the second finalist was kanybek
Sagynbayev
losing in the semifinal Dmitry
Belozerova two batches of cannabis won five
parties in a row
so tomorrow we will see historically
final return of the legend evgeny with
wicked in the main match of the largest
tournament of the year
as for women, alas, the final
duel will take place pyramidal classic
Olga Milovanova again will fight
against the sole favorite of the Diana Cup
Mironov
for the finals Olga struggled with anastasia
Kovalchuk Diana charged prutylyuk move
gave rivals only one batch
sure most
Army lovers are also inseparable
watched the Kremlin Cup
no they came to the tournament
reigning champion Nicolas folded a little
powers but we are taking advantage
talked to the stars of the first
values ​​arrived in Moscow
of course started from the Kaiser itself before
day
find a little diallo caught fire Igor
meter stele with rates icsc hospital
often remain
to resign
interest rates
along with this bing Russians
As a rule, it is considered China
with the identification but with a lot of mixture
bid evaluation concept
directions
and although the influence of the two has grown from the words
it seemed the day itself
laughs
chronological Volga center
the world is named to sleep off
written off for the halls on April 7th and examined
class start sports
note checked pelvin 14
when did she lose everything
by apples 1 article 95
Kosachenko beer is the basis for
self with them
Stephanovich 102 period
when carrying advice on May 7
Prime Minister of Transport reject
Novo Ogarevo Kiev
there are palais a and gossip in general permki ford
and you have a long cant of water
love cues russia today donetsk moscow lotto
American
price quality
Anna 36 5 width with whom exactly you pay
that is, in all patients in freedom
from last kiev seats with function
Yezidis from attack with Sergei
flow and there are corresponding
adjustments he tmk number analog sex is not
stripped off
work on myself from this weaker speeches
pollock genes
will hold a protest again
price on Tuesday at the Kiev press center she
m in the primary market elite him fine
all the complaints as nothing else
notary percentage obvious roll for them
topics like china in match against team
Croat believers however on food
collect order
problem yes contact mytishchi poland
Chinese government of Libya
percent in the first place for film distribution
I like these books with the military
hit the final of the Kremlin tournament
purchase
in Lipetsk, they both gave way to the future
finalists
the first program of what is a discount
second melon suck it follows from this that
tomorrow we will witness the Polish
Estonian final
so we know the names of the finalists
tomorrow is a day off
recommend to stock up with something
yummy and devote time
watching the 2012 King Cup finals
of the year
but we are in the evening if everything goes well here
we will try to please you
like the plot style and without
comments